## Hearts of steel v 1.0
author: Victor Hwasser
email: victorhwasser@gmail.com
github: Hwasser

### Features:
- Frontend using React.
- Backend with RESTful interface, MongoDB and EventSource.

### System Requirements
- OS: Linux-compatible.
- Pre-installed software: npm (Node Package Manager)
- npm serve package (install globaly with "$npm install -g serve")
- MongoDB with a local server running. 
NOTE: You can choose which ever MongoDB database server you like by changing the address under 'Backend/config/default.json'.

### Install instructions

Open up a terminal that supports shell script (for example BASH), go to this folder and enter:
./install.sh

### Run instructions
./backend_start.sh to start a server
./client_start.sh to start a client

NOTE: If you want to run the backend and frontend on seperate servers you can specify the backend server IP-address in 'Client/src/backend_adress.js'

### Game instructions:

## Overview
- The goal is to conquer all provinces belonging to other players.
- The top bar shows the player name and all resources that can be used.
- The lower bar shows information about a selected province, army, upgrade or battle. 
- You can buy upgrades by clicking on "Upgrades" in the top right corner.
- Resources are generated by scavanging and by buildings in the province, you can construct more buildings by clicking on one of the building buttons - mind that you can only construct one building in a province at a time.
- Scavanging happens automatically, how much resources that is scavanged depends on the size of the workforce in the province - so be careful when raising armies since this will drain the existing workforce!

## Armies
- You can raise an army by selecting a province and choosing "raise army" in the lower bar.
- You can merge two armies within a province by dragging one upon another.
- You can split an army by selecting it and choosing "split" in the lower bar.
- You can move an army to a friendly or enemy province by simply dragging it across the screen, notice that you can only drag an army to a neighbouring province.
NOTE: You can stop a movement by dragging the army into its current province, or change it by simply move it into another province. 
- You can see the status of a battle by clicking on the two swords clashing above a province. The more the slider moves to the right, the more likely that the attacker is going to win. 
NOTE: Both terrain and the level of fortifications in a province affect the damage your soldiers do in battle.
